the suffering of the Palestinians is
matched by the trauma suffered by
Israelis when Hamas attacked it and
while the shock has largely bound
Israeli Society together there has been
a constant protest outside the ministry
of Defense in Tel Aviv some are angry
with the government response in Gaza
others about the hostages being held by
Hamas the families of those hostages are
having to endure an Agony day after day
and I should tell you the video and
photo that we're about to show is with
the permission of the family
concerned sounding their support for the
protesters who day after day display the
faces of the
abducted some elderly some very
young we went in search of the family of
one of
them om wert's whole neighborhood wants
him back he went to the Supernova Music
Festival on October the 7th where Hamas
killed at at least 260 people this is 's
bedroom that was the last time his
parents Shai and Nea saw him all the
clothes are waiting when the attack took
place they didn't know he was there it's
all just as he left it isn't it yeah he
texted them to say he was safe and then
I think in a half hour later he was
hearing a gun
shooting and he told his mother Mom I'm
fright
so this is horrible to hear it this is
UN unimagined Shai jumped into the car
to go and fetch him but then he got a
phone call from a friend he told me Shai
you need to come home told him what
happened om is
alive I have a video he's probably
K what did it do to you to see that
photograph and that video of
om only in his underwear hands tied
behind his back as a
father it's
terrifying what they are doing to my son
the pain is written on your
face yeah I'm sorry but it's it's
unbelievable and it's
unspeakable it's very difficult very
hard for us why why why they took my son
he's
he he goes to a party to to to have fun
and
dance people from all over the world
being in this fast to to make peace to
love each other ham om's grandmother TI
lived through the Holocaust she says
she's now reliving a similar
Terror at this age to go through another
time of such
pain my first grandson he's a very good
boy he's working he's a joyful person
and he has a good
heart
it's it's hard for me I'm talking from
pain we believe he's alive I know he's
alive I feel
him I want my son back
home this is a
nightmare a nightmare but the hope that
he is alive keeps them going